was. So that's worked well.
So we managed to successfully stream via
the app stream application from a test
database hosted in Nuremberg up into the
bucket.
I think one thing just before we move
forward,
one thing I probably don't think
Nikolai's got or I've got really is a
clear understanding from the devs is if
it's in
the right format or looks right.
So that's probably one question that
needs to be confirmed before we move
forward on setting up more.
So our developers are consuming the
things from the buckets in the JSON
format without compression.
That's just for the new dispool and the
new dispool philtre function.
So probably it should be the same format,
but let's just say more on this topic.
I think it should be like the same,
like that. It should be fine.
Yeah, we are investigating that. I mean,
you provided it yesterday.
I've extracted it into a JSON file.
And share it with the team.
Yes, okay.
Okay,
so it's on us to provide feedback there.
Then I see around the strim part that
there was also a licence thing going on,
right? Matthew,
you mentioned that it's ending by the end
of this month. Is that correct?
Yep, yep.
That means how do we continue in April?
if we take more than 10 days now here for
this POC.
It.
So this is for the wider licencing of
stream.
So we're on a borrowed licence from
Google at the moment.
Mhm.
And depending on what Google say,
whether they're willing to continue to
fund it,
we'll then have to make a decision on
what we can or can't use.
But we're sort of stretching the realms
of what we can utilise the tool for.
Google don't really care what we utilise
it for,
but it's predominantly been paid for by
Google to get us off Oracle into Postgres,
which obviously at the moment's paused a
little bit.
So depending on the outcome of whatever
this solution from a CDT perspective is,
the costings from stream,
and how that looks needs to be considered,
I'd say,
because we're sort of borrowing a licence
from Google and that won't last forever.
But technically, we can prove it now,
but yeah.
Well,
I think we have good progress on the
stream side, right?
Can we not just do the load test next
week with fraud data coming in from OMS?
And then we're still before April. I mean,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Mhm.
we don't want to talk about a long-term
solution.
We just want to have the POC run.
measure how this solution behaves and we
can achieve that in next week.
Yeah, agreed, agreed, yeah.
I'm working on getting the prod test done
now, by the way.
That's this afternoon's target.
Okay, great.
So that's the only part for the shrimp
Uh-huh.
part where like low test next week is the
only part that's missing that we need to
do.
And then everything else afterwards is
evaluation or in general comparison to
the data stream setup,
but there's no work we actually need to
do with strip if we.
Have done the load test.
Yeah, correct.
Okay, good. I mean,
then we should be in time,
just want to ensure that we are managing
it and not, and 1st of April,
we sit here and say we can't do anything
more.
Yeah.
Yeah, one point here, Matt,
is can you provide the configuration of
how you configured it, whoever did it,
as screenshots maybe,
because we don't have access to it,
but I need to make it part of the POC
This.
outcome.
Yeah, I can do that, yeah, yeah.
No problem.
Okay, so that means on the stream side,
everything is looking fine. Matt,
Great, thanks.
you are performing the low test or
preparing it at least,
and we finish that next week at some
point.
Well, we'll let it run for a week.
So the book is set up and then you guys
will have a full...
Yeah,
export of 1060 into the bucket basically.
Yep,
so the duplication of orders is already
in progress.
What I'm hitting an issue is now is a
permission issue on stream for some
reason and I am struggling to solve it at
the moment. It's on the GCP side,
it's not on the Oracle side. So yeah,
that's all it's and it's about the
Thank you.
service account that accesses the bucket.
So I've set it up exactly the same.
actually super exactly the same on the
permission side within the new bucket.
For some reason,
streams telling me it doesn't that
service account doesn't have access.
So it's a bit odd. It's a weird one.
Okay.
It.
All right.
Matthias,
anything else regarding the stream setup
on our site for next week?
What are our activities after Matt
finished his part?
We will have an internal meeting for that
regarding what we're going to do in terms
Mhm.
of measuring specifically where do we
measure delay between change and event
received, for example,
is the question how we can achieve that.
Um...
And also preparing the bucket so that it
doesn't overflow or anything or has a
limit set,
something like that is what we're going
to repair.
Apart from that,
I think it's just that because we will
not gonna consume the events and forward
them to new disco. This is on purpose,
not part of the POC.
We just assume that from the event store
on, we are in GCP world anyway.
And what this POC is testing is the
connexion from database to GCP.
So that's, I think,
all good and compliant with the scope of
Mhm.
the POC.
Good. Yes, sir.
But.
Maybe a question before we move on.
The prop data coming in from OMS.
Wait, yeah.
Causes, I think,
a field in the tables are known to be
updated. EU time, I think it is.
Um...
Is that the comparison column that we
should use?
To compare with the event.
Probably,
that's going too deep for this meeting
here, and I should probably ask you,
Achimi.
About this.
Yeah, but it should be,
it should be U time, updated time,
Um, or what?
is the timestamp which gets usually
updated when there's an update.
So if you want to drag it,
I would say from a gut feeling that's the
Yeah.
column to choose.
Yes, okay, so question here is,
I'm currently not aware which databases
Oracle is.
Do we have access to that from P3 side?
No.
No, you could do if you, uh, it's not,
it's it's just inverse mode,
this this Oracle database.
It'd just be a different connexion string.
Yeah, that that's.
Maybe that's what we need to further
discuss because we probably don't have
both sides of the chain under our control
for doing any measuring.
But I think we need an internal alignment
there first.
I don't want to block this meeting for
that.
I can see at the moment in the UAT
database that there is a C time and a U
Okay.
time.
Correct.
Yeah, that's current in place, basically.
Yeah, yeah.
Good,
so probably we need to talk about the
access there early Monday so that we
prepared.
But I think we can align on that.
During today and Monday morning.
So,
the plan is to have it run for a full
week, right?
If I get it turned on today, you can,
I'm just sceptical of leaving it running
for ages because ideally,
if we can get data stream working at the
Yeah.
same time,
we need to technically prove it and then
we can deploy it on the same database.
It sort of uses the same thing.
Yeah.
So where that is pushing the same data
into two separate buckets,
It proves that, but...
Yeah.
If we can't leave it running for too long,
like just because the table data get
Yes.
fills up in a database, that's all.
Yeah,
so I do say we don't need to start it
today.
No one is gonna work on that today,
I think, so you can do that on Monday.
Okay,
there's a little button I can say start
app or start running so I can wait.
I just need to set it up.
I'm just trying to figure out what this
issue is first and then...
Yeah, okay. Yeah,
let's not rush it just because of one day.
Yeah, that's all.
Let's rather be aligned and save the
table space usage.
Okay. So, Joseph,
sorry I interrupted you or continued when
you wanted to say something.
No, that's fine.
I just wanted to ask about this new
bucket. Like,
can we consider reusing the existing
bucket,
just like creating a separate folder
there, for example, for stream,
because what I remember,
it's what we initially were talking about.
And yeah.
What was actually the idea behind
creating a new bucket?
There's not a folder in there at the
moment, Joseph. There could be though.
Alright, sure, you just, yeah,
it's an auction.
Amanda.
Yeah.
The thought was really to keep things
separate and not pollute.
Mm.
Like our our test buckets.
Well, they, they,
they could still be isolated to have
enough though, but we can.
We can revisit there, I guess.
It's just a PLC now.
It doesn't really matter.
Yeah.
So let's put up,
put that in the internal meeting as well.
Okay, will do. All right.
Circling back to the data stream Oracle
connexion thing,
is there anything else that we can do in
preparation,
even though the Oracle connectivity is
not given at the moment?
Is there anything we can do?
Or are we kind of completely blocked and
what can be prepared is prepared.
So once this connexion is established,
we can run the test.
The latter might, yeah.
So we've perfected the access required
for the P3 log mining. So that's,
we've utilised that in the stream
application as well.
So I'm confident that's working.
Oh, sorry,
has the right permissions to read it that
it needs to have on the Oracle
infrastructure.
So that would probably be maybe a little
block that we've now cleared.
So yeah, but just to clear,
I also tested the data stream.
Uhh...
connecting the data stream via the system
account and it still couldn't get through.
So it's definitely a connectivity thing.
That's it.
I suspect once we get connected,
things will work.
Yeah.
Alright, so yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, Matthias, please.
Yeah,
let's try to solve the Dominic thing.
I think this would be the best solution,
of course.
Okay, then we have discussed both streams.
Is there anything overall that we should
discuss in this round right now? Matthias,
from your side,
is there anything else open that we
should bring up or is that all then
relevant for next week once we actually
run the test?
I think it's all.
Good.
All discussed.
Okay.
Then I would suggest I try to...
address this Dominic thing this afternoon,
latest on Monday. Christian,
we talk on Monday and then hopefully I'm
confident that we can solve it.
and that we get going here because we
need to complete the POC.
Yeah.
We have a go live coming up for this boat
and we need to move on with the decision
here.
And I think this is just a small part and
a small blocker,
but we need to resolve it.
Yeah, but just from my understanding,
because I'm not really into the topic
right now. So we are, so Matt and Ron,
so we are missing, let's say,
ability and skills on our side,
and we need somebody from whoever company
Okay.
that is who's able to support us here in
the topic, right?
Yes, correct.
I'm missing out why it doesn't work
because I followed all directives that
they are.
And I can't seem to find it and also the
logging is not bringing me that
information that I need to have.
So I'm missing there some knowledge
exactly that because I'm just relatively
new to the GCP.
But.
Okay,
and so the message is if Dominic is not
available,
which of course could make sense if he's
occupied with other projects,
then we need somebody, let's say,
new to the project,
which I have to search for, right?
Yep.
OK, good.
Yeah.
Okay, done.
And the easiest way, as I understood,
Dominic is familiar with the project.
Yep.
Yeah, exactly.
He would be the best fit,
as you guys said. So in time,
Yep.
or in terms of speeding this whole thing
up and have a quick solution,
that's probably the best fit.
This is why I will also raise that again
with Harun,
if we were really just talking about this.
kind of limited amount of time he would
need to spend to at least address this
blocker.
I hope you can find a solution for next
week because I mean waiting another week
or 10 days or whatever to find someone
else and then onboard that person.
That's also not beneficial for the
project. So, yeah.
Let me let me clarify the Dominic part at
least on our side,
and then I give you an update. OK.
All right.
Anything else from from this rounds?
regarding those two things. Okay.
Then I would suggest,
or you guys can also give me some
feedback, when should we meet again?
Next Wednesday, for example.
midweek so that we have at least some
time left in that week to address certain
topics that maybe come up.
Yeah,
that would have been my proposal as well.
And on Monday, sync through the chat.
Yeah, exactly.
As we are all here right now,
It.
can we already target for a specific time
slot?
Because aligning those meeting times is
usually a challenge across all of us.
Ah.
Matias, I can see your calendar,
so that's not an issue.
So I can throw out in the proposal 2
o'clock on Wednesday.
Half an hour.
It's OK for me.
Uh, not for me, so, but maybe Matt,
if if he uh coordinate up front,
That says it.
and then I'm not necessarily needed,
right?
Ron.
Yep.
I'm probably in the car, so yeah.
Do you prefer earlier or later or are you
in the car the whole day?
Almost all day,
because I'm travelling from Nuremberg
What's your plan? Okay.
back to Holland,
so it will take me some time.
Yes.
I mean, if that's okay,
you can join during your call ride.
Yeah, okay.
I mean,
you don't need to share your screen or
whatever, then if 2:00 works for you,
then let's target for 2:00.
Yeah.
Yep.
Yeah, that was good.
And if we have something that we need to
address with Christian,
either Matt and Christian up front or we
find a solution and inform Christian.
Okay, Matthias,
it looks like for you it's also okay.
Yep.
I mean, you and Carl,
let me quickly double cheque again that I
didn't miss that point. Yeah,
I think we can manage.
That's all right. Okay,
then 2 o'clock next week, Wednesday.
And for now,
thank you very much for the updates,
and we will align in the chat.
Upa.
Okay, touch on. Come on.
Thank you all. Bye.
Thanks, bye-bye.
Bye.